Fix: Create meta block link in block attributes documentation. (#55804)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/block-api/block-attributes.md

### Meta source (deprecated)

<div class="callout callout-alert">

> Although attributes may be obtained from a post's meta, meta attribute sources are considered deprecated; <a href="https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/c367c4e2765f9e6b890d1565db770147efca5d66/packages/core-data/src/entity-provider.js">EntityProvider and related hook APIs</a> should be used instead, as shown in the <a href="/docs/how-to-guides/metabox.md#step-2-add-meta-block">Create Meta Block how-to</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although attributes may be obtained from a post's meta, meta attribute sources are considered deprecated; <a href="https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/c367c4e2765f9e6b890d1565db770147efca5d66/packages/core-data/src/entity-provider.js">EntityProvider and related hook APIs</a> should be used instead, as shown in the <a href="https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/how-to-guides/metabox/#step-2-add-meta-block">Create Meta Block how-to</a>.
```

As explained in [the Callout notices section](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/trunk/docs/contributors/documentation/README.md#callout-notices), there is no link translation within the callout section, so I don't think this relative path will work on the handbook page. I think we need to write the full URL inside the callout section.

Similar PR: https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/54772
